if we need to modify your delete,
a calculated field or we need to do is to select our pivot table and then go to pivot table
in on my stub,
and they go to feels items and sets.
Click on calculated field,
and we would select the calculated feel that we need to modify your delete.
So,
for example,
our sales margin here what we can do if you need to delete it,
you can just click on delete here,
and then it will be deleted and it will be deleted from the field list.
A swell.
So if we click OK here.
Because here now that the Salesman Russian does not exist anymore on the pivot table field
lists,
and it doesn't exist on our pivot table as well.
And please know that you cannot undo that by pressing control and C on your keyboard.
So if a press control Z here on my keyboard,
I won't be able to undo the action of the leading the calculated field.
So please be sure that you need to delete the calculated field before deleting it.
Now,
if you need to modify a calculated field,
you can select your pivot table.
Click on fields,
items and sets,
click on calculated field and then select the field that you need to modify.
Click on the modify button here and start modifying the calculated field so you can modify
the calculation on it,
for example,
so we could make the cost of goods sold be cost by one million.
So that's just any random calculation here.
It doesn't mean anything.
And then we're going to click OK here and is because here we managed to modify that
calculated field.
And still,
if we press controls the honor keyboard,
we're not gonna be able to undo that action.
So if we need to modify back to what it was,
we got to go to feels items,
sets calculated fields here and then select the field,
click on the modify button and modify it again.
So this is gonna be the cost divided by the sales amount and click OK here and now we put
it back to what it waas.
So now you know how to modify or delete a calculated field,
and you need to bear in mind that you cannot undo the action of modifying good,
deleting the calculated field to please be sure of what you need to do.
So thanks,
guys.
Watching this video I'll see on the next one.